if something was to come your way I mean
something so irresistible that you just
had to have it you think he could
sacrifice everything for it not the
great
that depends on what it was you know
where I can find a local couple you
found him there was an accident out in
the homily we couldn't really leave that
out there
no they're just the place for this - oh
yeah relation not all my relatives are
breathing so you had any thoughts on
where the money came from that's a it's
a couple of drug couriers making a drop
how much we're talking about here a lot
why'd you hand that briefcase in good he
kept on going under that I guess honesty
is one of my weak points you sure you're
not coming in you have tried to run away
knowing there's no way you can I'd guess
I'm about to find out just tell me how
you do it flash the little skinny man
you're off to the races you're good so
that's what you're looking for I can do
this without you
so when were you gonna tell me about the
money why's he following you I can say
is not the place what do you think this
is gonna look with your car parked out
the front
but shouldn't be yes you are here where
is she
what happened to the rug
there is no justice it's a short trip to
the grave it's awful dark and dirty for
very
is there another way out of here